The folder is organized as follow:

1--Original code: here you can find the code of the orginal models used for the pubblication of UIT Conference 2025.
2--Clean Code: here you can find the cleaned code of the models for the calculation of the performance of HPs. Inside, there is a dedicated folder called
   "Test with Standard ISO 13612-2" where you can find the scripts used for the test of the model against the Standard ISO 13612-2 and EN 14825.

The scripts called "New_models…" are not cleaned (lots of comments ections are present). Thus, it is recommended to use the "Clean code" ones. 

To use properly the code, it is required to have a folder called "Data" in the working directory, side of which file Excel with the name of the unit must be saved. Inside each file, two sheets are required: 
"Full load", where the catalogues points in full load operation are stored, and "SetData", where the data in 
partial and full load operation must be stored. The catalogue points must be expressed ad a function of the operative temperatures and the HC and Wel, as well as COP and PLR, must be indicated. 

To compare the model resutls with the experimental data, another folder is required, called "ExpData". Inside of which, the folder, it is required to have a file which contains the experimental points, organized as functions
of the temperatures and of the PLR. The experimental data from HeatpumpMonitor can be downloaded usign "download_timeseries:py" file, specifing the ID of the system you want to analyse.

To simulate the HP, use the script "Test_classes.py". The device must be called with a tuple which contains("Name of the Experimental file data", "Name of the Catalogue data file, "AtW" or "WtW" dependign if the unit is air to water
or water to water HP). First, it is requied to create the HP object using HeatPump(dev). Then, HP.status_analysis() identify the working regimes. HP.interp_full_load() identifies if the units are working in full
load conditions and finally HP.new_model_fit() is used to create the model and to test it with the experimental data. To plot the resutls, you are required to save the outputs KPI.csv in a dedicated folder (for example:
 "Result Analysis","New models results","KPIs_average_start_midnight.csv"). Then, the "Plot_classes.py" can be used.

RECOMENDATION: Every folder path can be modified if required. PLEASE MODIFY JUST THE LOCAL VERSION OF THE SCRIPT, NOT THE ONE UPLOADED IN GIT-HUB!